Zg/tts python livekit example (#173)
HumeAI/hume-api-examples: tts/tts-python-livekit/README.md

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://storage.googleapis.com/hume-public-logos/hume/hume-banner.png">
  <h1>Text-to-Speech | Python LiveKit Agents Example</h1>
</div>

## Overview

This example demonstrates how to use the **Hume Python LiveKit plugin** to integrate:

> 1. **VAD-powered streaming STT** (Silero VAD + Groq Whisper)
> 2. **A conversational LLM** (Anthropic Claude Haiku)
> 3. **Low-latency TTS** (Hume’s streaming API)

Reviewer: Had to remind myself what VAD is. Should we expand the acronym^
```suggestion
1. **Speech-to-Text with Voice Activity Detection (VAD)** (Silero VAD + Groq Whisper)
2. **A conversational LLM** (Anthropic Claude Haiku)
3. **Low-latency Text-to-Speech** (Hume AI's streaming API)
```

Author: Great call!
